BIG HEAD
Hey, man, some guys from Zynga are 
throwing an all-night Perplexus
tourney.  Maybe we can find some 
Stanford kids to hustle.
THOMAS
Can’t.
BIG HEAD
Goddamn, Thomas, that’s a buttload
of code.  
JIAN YANG
Sheee-it, mother fucker you can 
like buy compression software.  You 
don’t have to fucking write that 
shit.  You can buy that shit!
BIG HEAD
Or download a bootleg.
THOMAS
None of that CodeAcademy crap for 
my web site.   The whole idea of 
Pied Piper is based on melody 
recognition.  If it doesn’t work 
perfectly, no one will want in. So, 
I am making it perfect.  
Hey, Dinesh, can you test this 
module for me?
DINESH
Can I eat your salmon?
THOMAS

OK.
BIG HEAD
You’re letting him test your 
module?
THOMAS
You’ve got the Perplexus tourney.  
I want you to fuck those guys up.
ERLICH
And you wonder why there are never 
any girls around here. 
Hey Thomas, can we talk for a 
second?
THOMAS
OK.
ERLICH
Thomas, I’m gonna have to ask you 
to vacate.
THOMAS
What?  Why?
ERLICH
You’ve been here six months.  I 
gave you place a to live and plug 
in.  You’ve given me nothing. 
THOMAS
Look, Pied Piper is going to take 
off. The website is up and running, 
it works great, it just needs--
ERLICH
Pied Piper is crap.  When you 
pitched it you said, “The Google of 
Music.” I thought it had 
“Applications”.
THOMAS
It does! Have you been on it since 
I revamped it?  
Once it takes off Pied Piper will 
be able to search the whole world 
of recorded music to see if there 
is a match.  If you’re a song 
writer... or a band... or anything, 
and you wanted to make sure you 
weren’t infringing on copy righted 
material, you could find out in no 
time.  

ERLICH
First of all, nobody cares about 
stealing other people’s music.  
Jesus, they do it on purpose!  Jay-
Z and Puffy made whole careers on 
it.
THOMAS
They didn’t steal it, they had to 
get permission from the copyright 
owners...
ERLICH
They don’t own dick.  There’s no 
money in music anymore.  Everyone 
involved in music is either 
stealing it or sharing it.  They’re 
all assholes. And they’re all suing 
each other. To stay here, you have 
to deliver.  Or at least show some 
promise for fuck’s sake.

ERLICH (CONT’D)
Like NipAlert.  Big Head’s app.   
It gives you the location of a 
woman with erect nipples. That’s 
something people want. How’s that 
coming along?

BIG HEAD
Almost ready to enter Beta Phase.

THOMAS
Look, I want to change the world.  
Make it a better place...


ERLICH
We all want to change the world and 
make it better.  Like I did when I 
developed Accutran.  A lot of 
companies use a lot of different 
software to aggregate social media 
feedback -- Frontier Airlines just 
happened to like mine. 

THOMAS
You can’t just kick me out.  When I 
signed up I was promised a month’s 
notice if I had to leave.  It’s in 
writing.

ERLICH
Then I am giving you notice.  I 
hope you’re happy.  You know, when 
I sold Accutran there were a lot of 
things I could do with my money.  
But I wanted to give back.  I 
started this place to do something 
big.  Really make a difference.  
Like Steve.  
THOMAS
Jobs or Wozniak?
ERLICH
Jobs.  Now, suppose Steve came back 
to us all reincarnated, because he 
was a Buddhist you know, and he 
showed up here at The Hacker Hostel 
looking for a place to help him get 
on his feet so he could launch the 
next big tech revolution.  What 
could I do? There’s no room for 
STEVE. Can you believe this?  I 
have to tell Steve to fuck off 
because there would be no room at 
the Inn because you and Pied Piper 
are here gumming up the works.  See 
what I’m saying Thomas?
THOMAS
That Steve Jobs is Jesus?
ERLICH
He was Buddist!
THOMAS
He was a poser!  He didn’t even 
write code.

GAVIN BELSON (V.O.)
Boodle brings the world to 
everyone.  Boodle is everything.  
And that’s what allows Boodle to 
“make happy.”
THOMAS
These rents are insane.  $2800 a 
month, $4500 a month -- with five 
people!  
BIG HEAD
You forget how goddamn expensive it 
is here.  

THOMAS
I don’t want to have to go back to 
St. Louis.  I can barely talk to 
people in St. Louis.  My parents 
still live in St. Louis! 
BIG HEAD
You think Oklahoma City’s any 
better?  

And I’m going to be the next one 
booted.  Ever since GoolyBib landed 
two million in seed money Erlich’s 
been on the warpath about 
monetizing.
THOMAS
GoolyBib?  That Indian guy from 
Dropbox you were hanging out with?
BIG HEAD
No, it’s a startup -- GoolyBib.  I 
think it’s a real estate app... or
maybe it’s that traffic one.
THOMAS
Fuck.  Every day somebody in the 
valley is hitting it big. But not 
me. If I can’t pull it off now, 
when there are billions of dollars 
just LOOKING FOR A START UP, it 
might not ever happen.
BIG HEAD
Yeah, no kidding.
THOMAS
What are you worried about?  Erlich 
loves Nip Alert.
BIG HEAD
He’s just blinded by boobs.  Once 
he scratches the surface he’s going 
to see there’s giant holes in this 
thing.  It’s based on self 
reporting. I can’t put sensors on 
women to report when their nipples 
are erect.  I get one clown to send 
out fake reports and the whole 
thing collapses.  I need something 
to make it objective.

THOMAS
Maybe I could develop an image 
recognition program, kind of like 
the melody recognition in Pied 
Piper.  
Big Head is coming around.
BIG HEAD
Or infra red cameras that detect  
changes in body heat.

THOMAS
Fuck, I’m going to have to go to 
graduate school.  I can’t afford to  
stay here even if I’m working full 
time at Boodle.  
GAVIN BELSON (V.O.)
That is how Boodle can change the 
world.
THOMAS
Changing the world, one crappy app
at a time.

BIG HEAD
Hey, did you hear what Peter 
Gregory is doing?
THOMAS
You mean buying that island in the 
Pacific?
BIG HEAD
He’s building one actually. It’s 
gonna be this giant platform in the 
middle of the ocean. And I think 
he’s designing a new monetary 
system for it.  But anyway, he’s 
also offering a hundred K to people 
willing to skip or drop of college 
to pursue any idea they have.  I 
mean, it has to be really kick ass.

THOMAS
Pied Piper kicks ass.  
BIG HEAD
He’s speaking in Palo Alto tonight.  
We should go. See if they’ll let us 
talk to him.

I don’t know what happened to that 
guy, but he really hates college.
Thomas considers this idea.  Big Head eats another energy 
bar.  He’s wired, tapping his hands, moving his legs.
BIG HEAD (CONT’D)
Fuck, I don’t know if it’s the 
energy bar or drink or gum but I 
can’t wait for tonight.  And I 
can’t sit still.

THOMAS
Brogrammers.
BROGRAMMER #1
A double machiatto for me.

BROGRAMMER #2
Make mine a double double.
BROGRAMMER #1
Yeah!


BROGRAMMER #2
Hey, To-mas -- you been working 
out?

BROGRAMMER #1
So how is every little thing?
THOMAS
Eh... not so good.  Gotta find a 
place to live, so if you guys know 
of anything...
BROGRAMMER #2
You’re leaving the Hacker Hostel?
THOMAS
Getting kicked out. I’ve got a 
website that I think could be huge, 
but nobody gets it.  

BROGRAMMER #1
We might get it.  We’d love to take 
a look.  What’s it called?
THOMAS
Pied Piper.

BROGRAMMER #1
Sounds amazing.  Why don’t you 
shoot it over to me and we’ll give 
it a look.  Maybe we can help.

PETER GREGORY
Gates, Ellison, Jobs, Dell. All 
dropped out of college.  Silicon 
Valley is the cradle of innovation 
because of DROP OUTS. We need 
innovation and we need innovators!  
Colleges are choking and strangling 
with conformity what the drop outs 
created through inspiration! 

PETER GREGORY (CONT’D)
College has become a cruel, 
expensive joke on the poor and the 
middle class that only benefits the 
perpetrators of it -- the bloated 
administrations and the myopic 
teaching staffs.  Wages for 
graduates are going down. 
Employment opportunities for 
graduates are shrinking, but the 
cost of a “higher education” just 
keeps going up and up and up.   

BEARDED ACADEMIC
You are a dangerous man, spewing 
ignorance!  
PETER GREGORY
I don’t think so. I’m just saying 
that people should trust themselves 
more than a system that happily 
churns out unemployed debtors and 
provides dubious value.
BEARDED ACADEMIC
The true value of a college 
education is intangible.
PETER GREGORY
The true value of snake-oil is 
intangible as well.

PETER GREGORY (CONT’D)
If you have a truly unique and 
brilliant idea I can promise you 
that any university worth its 
weight will crush it with their 
lack of creative thought and your 
now monumental pile of debt.

BEARDED ACADEMIC
Fascist.
.
THOMAS
Hi, excuse me, Mr. Gregory?  I have 
an idea I’d love to pitch--
Monica cuts him off.
MONICA
There were sign up sheets to have a 
personal consultation with Mr. 
Gregory.
THOMAS
There weren’t any slots left.
MONICA
I’m sorry.

THOMAS
I just thought I should talk to him 
before I give up and... go back to 
college.
PETER GREGORY
Don’t!  Wait, where?
THOMAS
I don’t know, probably Boston 
University.



PETER GREGORY
That’s over fifty thousand a year.  
Do not do that.  Go work at Burger 
King.  Go into the woods and forage 
for nuts and berries.  But do not 
go back to college!

I think I have been played.  Fine.  
Go ahead and pitch. You have until 
I fasten the seatbelt in my car.

THOMAS
Pied Piper is a proprietary site 
that allows you to find if your 
music is infringing on existing 
copyrights.  Imagine if you were a 
song writer.... 

PETER GREGORY
I don’t think I could write a song.
THOMAS
But if you did...
PETER GREGORY
I don’t even know if I can say 
“Pied Piper is a proprietary site.”  
Well I guess I just did but it 
wasn’t easy.

MONICA
Crunching all those songs to find 
matches sounds like a lot of data 
flow.

PETER GREGORY
Yes.  Yes it does.

MONICA
Look, why don’t you send me the 
link for your project and we’ll 
take a look.
THOMAS
Great, if you give me your email
address I’ll send you the link.
MONICA
Why don’t you just write it down 
for me.

BIG HEAD
Sorry.. I’m just thinking about... 
image recognition.

ERLICH
...the airlines had a problem, and 
I had Accutran.  So... wow me.  

PITCHER
Ok, here it is:  Bit Soup.  It’s 
like alphaBET soup but it’s all 
ones and zeroes. 
See it’s binary.  Because binary is 
just ones and zeroes

ERLICH
I KNOW WHAT BINARY IS!!! Jesus!  
I’ve memorized the hexadecimal 
times tables! Ask me what 9 times F 
is!! I don’t need you to tell me 
what’s binary and I don’t NEED you 
thinking about soup.  I NEED you 
thinking about code.  This is 
Silicon Valley, not...
...Paris, Texas.

That’s where Campbell’s Soup is.

ERLICH (CONT’D)
Look, I got one slot opening up 
very soon, who’s gonna get it?
ROLAND
So that thing is from the 1400s?
BIG HEAD
Not this one literally, but the 
sacbut is the least evolutionized
of all brass instruments, so it 
would be the same as one from the 
14th century.
DINESH
So do you guys play anywhere?  Like 
clubs or anything?

BIG HEAD
Not yet.  We’re trying to play 
Street Fair this year.  
Problem is, they’re more into 
traditional Sacbut, which we can 
do, but it seems like it would be 
selling out or something -- just 
doing what people expect.
ROLAND
I don’t think anyone ever expects a 
sacbut ensemble anywhere...
THOMAS
Everyone likes music.  I can’t 
figure out what it is about Pied 
Piper that people don’t get?
DINESH
Applicability?
THOMAS
I don’t know... Peter Gregory’s 
head of operations said to send her 
the link but she was probably just 
shining me on.
DINESH/ROLAND
She?
BIG HEAD
Man, she was hot.
ROLAND
Why didn’t I see her on nip alert?
BIG HEAD
Because I was too distracted.  See, 
that’s another bug I have to work 
out.
LANGDON
This is probably the worst time 
ever to be a laid-off publicist. 
TANDY
Yep.  Social media.
LANGDON
I know!  There are no cool jobs 
anymore because everyone is out 
there blogging and doing it for 
free!  At least you’re working non-
profit.
TANDY
I’m working the phones for 
mesothelioma for ten bones an hour 
and there are no parties.  No 
galas. No deep pockets. No 
connections. 

LANGDON
Remember those Pediatric AIDS fund-
raisers?  Those were huge.
TANDY
Yeah, that’s how I met Jerry 
Weintraub.  He took me to Cannes.  
God, I miss the Hotel Du Cap.

LANGDON
There’s just no money in non-
profits anymore.  Then I guess 
there’s no money anywhere anymore.  
And I need a job.

I’m in way default on my student 
loans.  Why the hell did they lend 
me money to major in Art History. 
Assholes!!

TANDY
It’s fucked up.  Wanna go to Vespio
tonight?
LANGDON
I don’t know, we keep running into 
the same guys.  All the guys with 
money in LA seem to be old and fat.
TANDY
Except for the professional 
athletes.
LANGDON
Yeah, they’re hot but they’re all 
rapists.
TANDY
Yeah, or Christians.
LANGDON
I would even settle for a guy who 
wasn’t rich as long as he wasn’t a 
douche.
TANDY
Keep telling yourself that.  I 
think you would be bored to death. 
My mom always says it’s just as 
easy to fall in love with a rich 
guy as a poor guy.  
LANGDON
Not around here...
TANDY
I really should have married Tom 
when I had the chance.  I’d be 
living in a house in Malibu.  I 
wouldn’t be worried about getting 
older.  I’ve seen lines on my face. 
Well, just around the eyes, but 
they are there. 

LANGDON
Eyes aren’t as hard to fix as necks 
and hands but... Yeah, I’m not even 
getting carded anymore.  
LANGDON (CONT’D)
Why can’t we meet guys like that?
TANDY
Geeks?
LANGDON
Yeah.  They’re rich and smart and 
they’re our age.
TANDY

Yeah, and they don’t look rapey. 
But they’re all up North.  

LANGDON
So a half hour plane ride away 
there’s all these gazillionaires?  
What the hell are we doing here?
TANDY
Getting older.  And poorer.  

BROGRAMMER #1
Let’s look at this stupid thing.
BROGRAMMER #2

You have to download your own 
player?  Hey look at me, I traveled 
back to 2009!
BROGRAMMER #1
Wait a second.  Look at this file 
size.  1.2 Megabytes?  No way!  I 
know that song.  That’s at least 3 
on itunes...

BROGRAMMER #2
Wow, that doesn’t sound at all 
downgraded.

BROGRAMMER #1
I really can’t hear the difference.    
BROGRAMMER #2
And the file size is like, half.  
How the hell did he do that?
BROGRAMMER #1
I have no idea.  Some kind of new 
lossy compression I guess. 
JARED
What are you guys listening to?
BROGRAMMER #1
We’re listening to 1.5 gigabytes of 
sound that should take up 4.5 
gigabytes.

JARED
Do you realize how huge this could 
be?  With all the data storage and 
data flow problems.  The 
applications could be endless.

GAVIN BELSON
I want it.
ERLICH
Hey, I’m being a good guy here.  
You can either get me a zip drive 
with any and all code you worked on 
or thought of working on while you 
lived here, or you can just clean 
the bathroom.  Up to you.

THOMAS
A Boodle number again.  It’s 
probably those fucking brogrammers.
They keep calling to tell me how 
bad my website is.  I really don’t 
want to answer just to hear about 
what an asshole I am.
ERLICH
You’re on.
EAGER GUY
My site is called Mashville.
ANGLE ON THOMAS

THOMAS

I just want to put an end to this.

Hi, Thomas Peckering, I’m an 
asshole, tell me how much you hate 
Pied Piper.

THOMAS (CONT’D)
What?  Really?  Wait, is this a 
prank?  Can you prove it’s real?  
OK, I’ll call right back.

THOMAS (CONT’D)
Holy shit.  OK... I’ll be there.

THOMAS (CONT’D)
I have a meeting with Gavin 
Belson... he likes Pied Piper.
ERLICH
I own ten percent of Pied Piper.
THOMAS
You said it was a shitty idea.
ERLICH
It was a shitty idea.  I’m not sure 
what it is now.  When’s your 
meeting?
THOMAS
Right now.
ERLICH
I’ll go change.


THOMAS
What the fuck am I waiting for?

JARED
Good to see you, Thomas.  Now Gavin 
is running about thirty minutes 
late.
THOMAS
Well, it’s been forty minutes 
already so does that mean another 
30 minutes from now then...?

OTHER EXECUTIVE
You should know Gavin is very 
excited about your site.  Have you 
met Gavin?
THOMAS
I’ve never even seen him in person.

OTHER EXECUTIVE
It’s amazing.  You’ll just feel so 
energized after you meet him.  I’m 
a VP here and I only see Gavin 
about ten minutes a month. 
ANOTHER EXECUTIVE
But that ten minutes is just 
incredible.  Indescribable.  
Prepare to have your life changed.

SENIOR VP
I heard Thomas Peckering was here.  
Has he ever met Gavin?  No?  
OTHER EXECUTIVE
I told him it’s amazing.
SENIOR VP
That hardly begins to describe it.
DESIGNER
We really need to do something to 
fill that huge space up there.  Now 
I know you won’t like this idea, 
Gavin, but how about a nice, bold 
picture of you to fill it?

GAVIN BELSON
OK.  But I don’t want to just pose 
this time.  Maybe we can get a shot 
of me... innovating.
DESIGNER
Perfect.
SENIOR VP

Ah, Gavin...

THOMAS
Hello?

THOMAS (CONT’D)
It’s Peter Gregory.
GAVIN BELSON
It’s weird.  They always travel in 
groups of five.  Tall skinny white 
guy, short skinny Asian guy, fat 
guy with a ponytail, some guy with 
crazy facial hair and then an east 
Indian guy.  Do they trade guys 
till they all have the right group?
POWERADE REP
Ummm... I’m not sure, but we are 
very excited about becoming the 
official energy product of Boodle 
Corporation.  You know our products 
are not just junk loaded with sugar 
and caffeine.  I mean of course 
they have those but they really are 
an excellent nutritional product.
GAVIN BELSON
When I first started Boodle I 
worked those guys 24/7.  It’s 
amazing what you can get human 
beings to do for $45 worth of ice 
cream.  But the thing is, now 
everyone wants to be healthy...
Get the fuck out.
THOMAS
I’m actually outside Gavin Belson’s 
office right now, Mr. Gregory.  
Here he is!  Can you hold on a 
second?

GAVIN BELSON
So, Thomas Peckering is here!  
Gavin is looking at an overweight guy with a pony tail until 
Jared guides him over to Thomas.  Gavin acts like he has just 
found a long lost friend.  
There you are, Tom!! I’m sorry 
these gentlemen kept you waiting.
He gives Jared and the other executives dirty looks.  They do 
their best to look apologetic.  
Here’s the thing -- I love what you 
did.

THOMAS
You REALLY like Pied Piper?
GAVIN BELSON
LOVE IT!  Fill him in Jared!

JARED
Now, Thomas, of course since you 
developed this fantastic project on 
the Boodle campus while employed by 
Boodle, technically it is the 
property of Boodle, but Gavin is 
prepared to give you quite a nice 
raise - and a promotion of course.
THOMAS
Oh, well actually I’ve only worked 
here at Boodle a few weeks.  I 
needed a job because things weren’t 
panning out and... well I created 
this site months before I got here.
ERLICH (O.S.)
That’s right!  He created it while 
living AT MY INCUBATOR.

BIG HEAD
Sorry, he threatened to kick me out 
of the house if I didn’t get him 
in.
ERLICH
Scott Erlich.

GAVIN BELSON
I’ll give you $600,000 for it. 


GAVIN BELSON (CONT’D)
But I am not just giving you 
$600,000, I am giving you the full 
weight of Boodle.  We have the 
reach and the muscle and the 
resources to take what you have 
done and push it to the global 
level. At Boodle we don’t ask 
people what they want.  We tell 
them what they want. And they thank 
us for doing it. Boodle can bring 
you the world.

BIG HEAD
Hello?  Really?  Wow.  Sure.
He hands his phone to Thomas.
BIG HEAD (CONT’D)
It’s Peter Gregory.  I don’t know 
how he got my number.

THOMAS
Hello, Mr. Gregory, I’m so sorry.  
Oh, you heard that? 

Uh huh... Uh huh...
GAVIN BELSON

I’ll give you ten million dollars 
for it!

THOMAS
Gavin Belson just offered me 10 
million dollars for Pied Piper.

PETER GREGORY
Ten million?  I’m prepared to give 
you one hundred thousand dollars.


THOMAS
Peter Gregory offered me one 
hundred...
...thousand?

PETER GREGORY
File size is a problem that is 
never going away.  That makes your  
compression code very valuable.  
Ask yourself this, Thomas:  Did you 
come out to Silicon Valley to make 
ten million dollars and disappear?  
Or did you come to make billions 
and leave your mark? You could be 
up there with the greats. 
THOMAS
Mr. Belson, I have a great idea!  
Peter Gregory is only interested in 
the compression algorithm I 
created, so I could do Pied Piper 
with you and develop the 
compression technology with him.
GAVIN BELSON
The compression is the only thing 
about the fucking stupid site I DO 
WANT!!
GAVIN BELSON (CONT’D)
Don’t be an idiot.  I’m offering 
you real money.  Ten million, right 
now.  
THOMAS
Excuse me... I...I need to use the 
bathroom... 
THOMAS
So what would my position with the 
company be?
JARED
Your position?
THOMAS
What would I be doing?
SENIOR VP
You could just think of something 
else genius.
THOMAS
And you guys would own it?
SENIOR VP
Well, yes, as per the terms of the 
contract. But--
THOMAS
Yeah, I meant to ask you about 
that, this contract is for thirty 
years.
SENIOR VP
Yes, the ten million is paid over 
thirty years.
THOMAS
This looks like a restraining 
order.
JARED
Yes, well, Gavin is a very busy 
man... and he doesn’t want to get 
in your way... or you in his.

It's not necessarily a bad thing.
MONICA
Whoa, someone’s on edge.

THOMAS
Yeah, maybe.  Wonder why.
MONICA
Well, I came by to let you know 
that whoever you go with, 
everything will be just fine. 
Boodle is creepy and Peter is... 
well nuts, but you have two of the 
biggest players in Silicon Valley 
fighting over you.  Enjoy it.
THOMAS
Yeah, I don’t see that happening. I 
have to make the most important 
decision of my life! And I’m not 
good at making those kinds of 
decisions.
MONICA
So, what kind of decisions are you 
good at making?

THOMAS
Technical ones.  Fixes.  Cracking 
code and making it work.  And then 
making it work better.  I like 
having discreet reducible problems 
and solving them.  I’m not much of 
a “big picture guy”.
MONICA
Maybe you are and maybe you aren’t.  
Maybe you just need bigger problems 
to solve.

THOMAS
So, Peter Gregory sent you here to 
offer me bigger problems?
MONICA
Nobody sent me over here.

MONICA (CONT’D)
When you don’t try to see the “big 
picture” you miss a lot.  Even 
things that are right in front of 
you.

THOMAS (V.O.)
I’ve been thinking about this a 
lot, and I think Boodle is a great 
opportunity, but I’m a little fuzzy 
about just what exactly I would do.

GAVIN BELSON
You can do anything, learn to play 
zithers, play D&D all day long.  
Hell, grow a pony tail, grow 
pigtails, I don’t care.

JARED
What Gavin is saying is that you’ll 
have complete freedom.

THOMAS
Well, it’s just that I kind of want 
to be a part of something.  I want 
to help take this to the next 
level.  So I was thinking maybe if 
we became partners...

GAVIN BELSON
I'm willing to give this dickhead
thirty million dollars if I never 
have to talk to him again!
JARED
Gavin, we’re still on speakerphone.

GAVIN BELSON
I know!

LANGDON
It looks like a Four Seasons but 
sure as hell doesn’t feel like one.
TANDY
OK, I have never felt less sexual 
energy in my life.
GUY
Hey girls.  My name’s James.
(hands them his card)
I started Zcranium.com. We just got 
two million in start up money.
TANDY
Oh really?  So you’re like, a 
programmer or...?
GUY
Fuck yeah!  
I was writing code when I was 8. I 
was a math wizz Sergie Brin?!  
Larry PAGE?!! Fucking Larry 
Elllison??!!! They’re NOTHING!
I’m a tenth level magic user!!!
TANDY
This is it?  This is where all the 
tech billionaires decided to live?
LANGDON
It can’t be.
Excuse me, is this Palo Alto?
LANGDON
It looks like it’s all guys.  
That’s gotta be good, right?
JIN YIANG
This bullshit.  Why I gotta buy 
beers?  That motherfucker just get 
30 million dollars from Boodle.
ROLAND
Cause you never pay for shit, Jin
Yiang.  And this is a big night for 
Thomas.
JIAN YANG
Why you talk fucked up like that? 
ROLAND

Just c’mon.
LANGDON

Thomas.

TANDY
We can still catch the late flight 
back to LA.

LANGDON
We’re not going anywhere.
ERLICH
You don't want to work for assholes
and now you don't have to.   You're 
like me - you want to build 
something.

JARED
He turned down 30 million dollars?

GAVIN BELSON
Well, look at it this way -- I have 
30 million dollars that I’m going 
to use to destroy that sad, 
pathetic, stupid prick.
THOMAS
With this new company we’re really 
going to try and do things right.  
First order of business -- changing 
the name.  

Yes, I know “Pied Piper” sucks.
THOMAS (CONT’D)
Oh... Hey.  I turned down you guys.  
And my decision is final.
JARED
I know.  And I respect that.  As a 
matter of fact, that’s all I can 
think about... that you turned down 
30 million dollars because you 
cared about something.  You were 
passionate about something.  I want 
to feel that way.  I want to work 
for you.  I don’t know if Gavin 
will give me a good recommendation 
but I’m really fucking good at 
business development.
THOMAS
It always sounded like bullshit
when every guy with a start up said 
that they wanted “to change the 
world”  Okay, it still sounds like 
bullshit... but maybe we can make 
our mark. 
ERLICH
AND MAKE SOME MONEY!!!
THOMAS
We’re going to need some energy 
drinks.
BIG HEAD
Big ones.

